feat: Revision of OMA MAturity model architecture for 2025 maturity model (#21490)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/new-relic-solutions/observability-maturity/business-uptime/l1-alert-noise.mdx

---
title: Level 1 - Alert noise scorecard rule
tags:
  - Observability maturity
  - Intelligent observability
  - Instrumentation
  - Implementation guide
metaDescription: Observability maturity business uptime alert noise
redirects:
  - /docs/new-relic-solutions/observability-maturity
  - /docs/full-stack-observability
  - /docs/new-relic-solutions/best-practices-guides/full-stack-observability
freshnessValidatedDate: never
---

# Overview

> The Alert Noise rule has produced a score based on the number of incidents attributed to specific policies over a 7-day window. This document explains the interpretation of your score and offers guidance on actions you can take to optimize your incident management strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Alert Noise rule produces a score based on the number of incidents attributed to specific policies over a 7-day window. This document explains your score and offers guidance on actions you can take to optimize your incident management strategy.
```
